---
title: Data Domains
author: EDA
---

# What is customer data ?
Let's start with some basic definitions of customer data.    Customer data relates to data that describes Autodesk's customers.   This is data that Autodesk gathers either from 1st party sources, in other words data that is generated by business processes Autodesk engages its customers with, or via 3rd party enrichment.

!!! info
    Customer data does not refer to a customer's intellectual property data generated and stored within Autodesk cloud products and services, however it *does include* metadata regarding people at Autodesk's customers. (e.g. Oxygen ID)

Customer data is generated by every engagement Autodesk has with its customers.   This digital data trail starts **before** customers become paying/commercial customers, and then develops though a customer engagement lifecycle until customers churn.    

**Example engagements are**:

- Recipient of targeted marketing content
- Leads
- Quotes - increasingly important with the implementation and rollout of the New Transaction Model
- Opportunities
- Orders
- Product and Service entitlements
- Sentiment / Surveys (e.g. NPS)
- Assignment of purchased products to users
- Product Usage by Users
- Sales Activities
- Customer Success Activities
- Customer Success Projects
- Technical Support engagements via Chat, Web and Phone
- Customer visits to .COM
- Customer engagement using Forums and other online knowledge bases

Each of the above is a major data domain and is further explained in this section of the technical documentation.


# Why does COO need centralised customer data ?
The Autodesk COO Organisation has identified the need **to develop a data-driven mindset** that will help **anticipate customer needs** to enable Autodesk's customers to **achieve their desired business outcomes**.

## The challenge
- Autodesk strives to be a data driven organisation, but without centralised and governed data, metric definitions, KPI definitions or indeed any story telling standards, **conflicting data stories** are being told due to multiple data sources being leveraged and inconsistent rules being applied.
- There are many **KPI** definitions across *multiple* business units that are calculating metrics using different rules and logic

!!! success
    In order for us to enable our business users to make data driven decisions, **we must be consistent with our data sources, data elements, dimensions and metric definitions to ensure we are all speaking the same data language in our stories.** 





